Several changes (#3)
Azure-Samples/azure-postgres-pgvector-python: README.md

# PostgreSQL + pgvector on Azure

> This repository makes it easy to deploy a PostgreSQL Flexible Server to Azure with the [pgvector](https://github.com/pgvector/pgvector) extension installed. The pgvector extension provides a vector similarity search engine for PostgreSQL, allowing you to perform similarity searches on your data using vector embeddings.

Reviewer: Thanks, I think Copilot invented that URL, sigh.

    This will create a new resource group, and create the PostgreSQL Flexible server inside that group.

> 1. Because th example Python scripts provided read confiruation variables from a .env file located in the directory from where you invoke the scripts, once the deployment is complete, run this command to copy the `azd` environment variables into your local `.env`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The example Python scripts look for configuration variables from a `.env` file located in the directory from where you invoke the scripts. You can easily create a file with the correct variables for your PostgreSQL server by running this command that copies the `azd` environment variables into your local `.env`:
```

    python examples/sqlalchemy_async.py
    ```

>     Note that each of the script starts off with a `CREATE EXTENSION vector;` command, which will install the pgvector extension into the database. Once you run that once in a given database, you do not need to run it again for the exact same database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note that each of the script starts off with a `CREATE EXTENSION vector;` command, which will install the pgvector extension into the database. Once you run that once in a given database, you do not need to run it again for that particular database.
```

Good point, thanks!
